What it means for a company to be agile. What is the purpose of using Agile, and its pros and cons.

When a company is Agile, this means that they use the Agile framework and practices 
in software development based on the Agile Manifesto. The purpose of using Agile is for productivity 
and efficiency. Agile promotes flexibility and responding to change and promotes individuals over processes.
Agile was developed by developers, for developers, as a way to work together as efficiently
and productively and possible. This involves many practices, including daily team 'standups'
for everyone to discuss their progress and 'blocks.' The whole process is based around
'sprints' that last about two weeks at a time, during which the team members are assigned certain 
tasks and are expected to complete them by the end. Software such as Jira and Github help keep track
of these assignments and push them up/icebox them, etc. as needed. There is also the ability to 
track how productive a team and team members are per sprint to track progress trends and notice
if any issues are in the way of productivity. Agile also includes rules and best practices that are
supposed to keep teams productive and motivated.

Pros of Agile include increased productivity and flexible systematization. Agile is intended to create the best 
possible product regardless of money or contract. Developers work with stakeholders, designers, etc
until the product is as it should be- not until the product is 'due.' According to Agile, the product
is never truly finished because there are constantly iterative improvements that can be made.
The most prominent process that existed before Agile, Waterfall, by comparison involved each step 
of the development of a new product completely silo'd and completed in whole, so that an entire product 
is developed and delivered without much input from stakeholders, designers, etc during the process- which 
often concluded with unhappy clients and stakeholders because a final product may not have quite what
they asked for or expected. Cons of Agile are that indeed the work is never really 'done,' which can be
less satisfying than completing a contract and having the project completely finished and delivered.
However, this is often a financial benefit because an Agile team can be employed or contracted on a 
consistent basis rather than a temporary one.