S08 Essay: Additional Tech Roles

Project Managers are in charge of the timeline, progress 
and efficiency of projects. They essentially: manage projects. They mastermind
projects, determine goals, make sure to keep projects on time and on budget while
keeping team members motivated. They are also the go-between for management/
stakeholders and project team members.

Business Analysts work with IT and Management/Finance to analyze the profitability
of a business and its products, developing financial models and gathering
analytics to determine problems, opportunities, and solutions. Also handling
the translation of business into digestible tickets for Development, UX, QA.

The Scrum Master facilitates an Agile/Scrum team's process, making sure to 
solve or remove any obstacles and create a productive, efficient environment
for participants. They often ensure good relationships within the team, and
protect them for unnecessary outside intrusions.

UX Designers are tasked with designing user-friendly web interfaces. They
use design thinking methods that prioritize the user's needs and design
products that are as 'delightful' and intuitive as possible for users,
thereby imporving business and profit. UX Designers use research to 
inform their design solutions, and use an iterative process to continually
improve and sharpen designs.

Web Developers/Engineers write code to implement design concepts and bring them 
to life online. They can be front end, back end, or fullstack, but all
developers work together to make a site functional for users. They are often familiar
with many different coding languages and software.

Quality Assurance Testers or QA testers review and run various tests on new software/sites/apps 
to ensure they work properly and are ready to launch to the public. They create reports
and work with developers to correct any issues.

DevOps Engineers work to improve productivity in a workplace by developing systems 
and implementing them, working with various departments along the way. Handles all
the environments for development